Hey guys.
Welcome back to the course.
In this lecture we're going to look over some alternate places you can find small contractors now now
you don't always have to use just those platforms that we covered.
There are some other ways to find people you just need to know where to look at a couple of basic techniques
for finding them.
So we're going to go over a couple of my favorites so I'll see in the screencast.
All right.
So another way of finding outsourced firms or freelancers blogging or not is just actually just using
Google.
Now Google is really really good at keying in on key.
And so when you're looking for a freelancer or a freelance firm through google you want to be as specific
as possible.
Now the previous lectures we talked about using Ilands oDesk and freelancer Those are great if you want
people to come towards you come out of the woods and pitch you on whatever you've given to the public.
Now if you had something very specific this is what I would use Google for now if I wanted to build
an application that use a very specific technology if I was very very specific about what framework
I wanted people to work with.
Maybe it has a technology that's more obscure then in that case what I would do is I would use Google
and in this case I would look for firms and then I would add the keyword of whatever the technology
is.
This is what Google is primarily useful for but you can use it for really anything.
Now if I were going to look for say a developer that can let's say use Twilio I could say Twilio developer
developers.
This one might see.
Now you can go to like Tullio developers network here you might be able to message people on LinkedIn.
Once you get past all of the news stories you should be able to find some people.
But typically what's easier to do is you say Tokyo developers and then freelancer or what you can say
is firm or web studio or something like that.
Now these aren't necessarily going to be out of the country and that's why it's helpful if you want
to say something like Twilio freelancer and then insert the country that you're interested in.
So you could say you know some people have specific areas that they have better expertise with or better
experiences with.
Maybe I'm going to Eastern Europe.
I could say something like Ukraine or maybe I wanted to say India.
We can say India.
And so right here it obviously brings us back to a park which is oDesk nowadays but you can see that
there's other Web sites that have access to developers.
Looks like you can find people and people per hour work in higher.
Here is an example of someone who has identified themselves as a Twilio developer.
Same thing here same thing.
You can go and gooroo dot com.
Here's another one.
Here's an actual company looks like they've made in an individual page saying that they work with Twilio.
Now this could work for really whatever maybe you're very specific about using react or no.
Yes there's something something very specific.
Now another way that you can look for outsourced firms to work with this is a Web site called the firm
list and what the firm list does is it's just a massive index of all web studio and web development
firms in the world.
They don't have every single one but this is this is what you would use if you cared most about where
they are located.
I would go here if that's really all I cared about.
If I was like I want to outsource sperm but I want them in Mexico or I want them in Costa Rica I want
them on my time zone.
Or maybe I specifically want them in Slovakia or Latvia or India or whatever it is I would use this
Web site.
I can even drill down to the city.
Now some people have a preference they might say like I want an outsourced firm specifically in Hyderabad
India that's actually sprint.
We have the majority of our contractors.
Or maybe you have employees or colleagues that live in a specific city and you think that you're going
be able to use that as leverage to develop a better relationship with your outsourced firm.
What you could do is you could look specifically for those.
So what I could do is I could say Asia could go down to India and then within India you could pick the
city as you can see they just have list pretty much everywhere and right here it's going to give you
a list of 23.
These are the ones that they've selected that have the best presence.
And then you can honestly go through see who you like see who has the copywriting that speaks to you.
Start getting estimates to you.
This is a very useful tool if you want to go and rapidly get estimates from a lot of firms.
And it's also helpful.
You don't have to weed through Google results.
So make sure that you guys are using Google and using the firm list if those are some things that you
care about if you have specific criteria.
Use Google.
Honestly you have to kind of go through the woods a little bit but it's going to cut you through a lot
of the junk pretty quickly and then if you really really really care about the city there and or the
country there and try to use a firm list.
OK guys I'll see in the next lecture.